Update documentation to match new delete-multiple feature (#1372)
zowe/vscode-extension-for-zowe: packages/zowe-explorer/README.md

- [Prevent merge conflicts](#use-the-save-option-to-prevent-merge-conflicts): The save option includes a **compare** mechanism letting you resolve potential merge conflicts.
- [Create data sets and data set members](#create-a-new-data-set-and-add-a-member): Create a new data set and data set members.
- [Create data sets and specify the parameters](#create-data-sets-and-specify-the-parameters): Create a new data set and specify parameter values.

> - [Delete data sets and data set members](#delete-data-sets-and-data-set-members): Delete one or more data sets and data set members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Delete multiple data sets and data set members](#delete-data-sets-and-data-set-members): Delete one or more data sets and data set members.
```

   ![Parameters](/docs/images/ZE-set-params.gif?raw=true "Parameters")
   <br /><br />

### Delete data sets and data set members

1. Navigate to the explorer tree.
2. Open the **DATA SETS** bar.
3. Select one or more data sets and/or data set members
   (to select more than one item for deletion, hold **CTRL/CMD** key while clicking the items)
4. Press **DELETE** on your keyboard
5. Confirm the deletion by clicking **Delete** in the drop-down menu.
6. You can also delete a data set or member from the context menu.

>    Right-click on the item and select **Delete Data Set** or **Delete Member** from the context menu.

Reviewer 2: I think point 6 should go with point 4 since the confirmation to delete will happen after either the keyboard or context menu action.

Author: Changed this...could you review again please, when you get a chance?

>    (to select more than one item for deletion, hold **CTRL/CMD** key while clicking the items)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Tip:** Hold **CTRL/CMD** key while clicking data sets or data set members to select more than one item for deletion.
```

> 5. You can also delete a data set or member from the context menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Alternatively, right-click on the item and select the **Delete Data Set** or **Delete Member** option.
```

>    Right-click on the item and select **Delete Data Set** or **Delete Member** from the context menu.

Reviewer: This can be scrapped then

   ![Delete Data Sets and Members](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58596139/123250606-8bee0600-d4ea-11eb-86b7-0720ffbba8e4.gif)

>    <br /><br />

Reviewer 2: Thanks for adding the gif. I do think it will be better if it's the same theme as the other gifs in the readme, but that is just a minor thing.

Reviewer: Yeah, I agree with Richelle! Also, @katelynienaber Can you please send me this gif so that I can upload it to the repo? :)

Reviewer: Never mind, I've found it! Thanks for your work

>    ![Delete Data Sets and Members](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58596139/123250606-8bee0600-d4ea-11eb-86b7-0720ffbba8e4.gif)

Reviewer: The gif needs to be uploaded to one of the folders and refer to using a different url. I can do that directly in the branch

Author: I leave this for you
